__label__astro  address : 506, 3rd eye three (iii), opp. induben khakhrawala, girish cold drink cross road, cg road, navrangpura, ahmedabad, 380009. telephone : 079-40098991 news: the atacama large millimetre/submillimetre array (alma) is a radio telescope comprising 66 antennas located in the atacama desert of northern chile is set to get software and hardware upgrades that will help it collect much more data and produce sharper images than ever before. what is alma? it is a state-of-the-art telescope that studies celestial objects at millimetre and submillimetre wavelengths — they can penetrate through dust clouds and help astronomers examine dim and distant galaxies and stars out there. it also has extraordinary sensitivity, which allows it to detect even extremely faint radio signals. why is it located in chile? it is situated at an altitude of 5,050 metres above sea level on the chajnantor plateau in chile’s atacama desert as the millimetre and submillimetre waves observed by it are very susceptible to atmospheric water vapour absorption on earth. moreover, the desert is the driest place in the world, meaning most of the nights here are clear of clouds and free of light-distorting moisture — making it a perfect location for examining the universe. what discoveries has it made? it provided detailed images of the protoplanetary disc surrounding hl tauri — a very young t tauri star in the constellation taurus. in 2015, the telescope helped scientists observe a phenomenon known as the einstein ring, which occurs when light from a galaxy or star passes by a massive object en route to the earth. it provided the first image of the supermassive black hole at the centre of our own milky way galaxy.
__label__nonastro abiblo health - acorn acorn is a fruit from the oak tree which is the quercus species. acorn is used as an animal feed or to make flour for baking. acorn is used to produce mook which is an edible starch gel in korea. roasted acorn is used as a substitute to coffee.
__label__nonastro crispy hae bi hiam rolls crispy hae bi hiam rolls (310gm) irresistibly crispy, the hae bi hiam rolls are tiny morsel packed with a punch of flavours and a spicy kick. delivery and takeaway are available from 15 january to 24 february 2024. a two-day advance order is required. image is for illustration purposes only. above-stated price is in singapore dollars and gst-inclusive.
__label__astro can we see a black hole?a black hole is a hole in space where the gravitational pull is so strong that even light cannot get out of this hole. that is why people cannot see black holes as no light escapes from it. they are invisible. only space telescopes with specialized tools help to find black holes in space. it also reveals the different behavior of stars near black holes as compared to distant stars. scientists think that the birth of black holes took place when the universe began. how black hole formed? stellar black holes form when the center of the vast star falls in upon itself or collapses. when this happens, it causes a supernova. hence, a supernova is an explosion within a star. scientists think that supermassive holes formed at the same time as their galaxies. can a black hole destroy earth? black holes do not wander in space, eating small stars, planets or meons. scientists found that the earth will not fall into a black hole, because no black hole is even close to the solar system for the earth. also, if a black hole of the same mass as the sun were to take the place of the sun, earth still would not fall into it. the other good news is that sun will never turn into a black hole. the sun is not a big enough star to make a black hole. how black holes discovered? albert einstein was the first to predict the existence of a black hole in 1916 through his general "theory of relativity." the term "black holes" was coined for the first time in 1967 by american astronomer john wheeler. decades after that, the black hole was just known as a theoretical object in space. the first physical black hole ever discovered was spotted in 1971. then in 2019, the event horizon telescope (eht) released the first-ever image of a black hole. they saw it in the center of the galaxy m87 when it was examining an area past which nothing can escape from a black hole. if a star passes too close to a black hole, it can tear apart. astronomers estimate the milkyway has anywhere from 10 million to 1 billion stellar black holes. the first object considered to be a blackhole is cygnus x-1. miniature black holes may have formed immediately after the big bang. what happen if anyone falls in a black hole? if you fall into a black hole, the quantum effects would instantly burn you to death. only stars with enormous masses can become black holes. when a massive star runs out of nuclear fuel, it can no longer sustain its weight and begins to collapse. more massive stars, such as those with masses of over 20 times our sun's mass, may eventually create a black hole. is a blackhole a giant cosmic vacuum cleaner? no, not really. to understand this, first, consider why the force of gravity is so strong close to a black hole. the gravitational pull of a black hole is not exceptional. it does not attract matter at vast distances differently than any other object does. at a long distance from the black hole, the force of gravity falls off as the inverse square of the range, just as it does for ordinary objects. therefore, to be "sucked up" by a black hole, you have to get very close; otherwise, you experience the same force of gravity as if the black hole were the regular star as it used to be.
__label__nonastro guess seductive noir homme by guess is a amber fougere fragrance for men. this is a new fragrance. guess seductive noir homme was launched in 2019. the nose behind this fragrance is jerome epinette. top notes are nutmeg, grapefruit and black pepper; middle notes are apple, lavender and orange blossom; base notes are tonka bean, amber and sandalwood. |eau de toilette |nutmeg, grapefruit and black pepper |apple, lavender and orange blossom |tonka bean, sandalwood and liquidambar
__label__astro thephotovoltaic solar panels is the most important part of solar system.apart from that system includes an inverter, equipment to mount the panels on your roof, and a performance monitoring system that tracks electricity production. all the solar battery storage output in solar applications should have meet the demands of unstable grid energy.we provide the best solar inverters in perth, wa a range of high performance solar inverters that increase the output from your solar panels to help you save on your everyday electricity costs.10kw solar systems are becoming common because the cost per watt of solar is reducing 10kw solar panel price in perth, wa is very reasonable for all the household in perth. now we are also provide 9kw solar pv system in perth, wa and 8kw solar panel system in perth, wa .the best 7kw solar panel system in australia has 21 to 28 panels – perfect for an average sized house. as the average solar panel is 1.6m x 1m, you’ll need around 34 to 45 square metres of roof space. mercy hasn't published any decks.
__label__astro is the universe friendly? 240 words, 316k views, 90 comments replies to comment jan 30, 2023 the universe was created for gods pleasure. if you are friends with god then the universe is a friendly place for you. add your response
__label__nonastro citrus orange tree ‘washington navel’ 16″ pot citrus sinensis “washington navel” washington navel is the most popular backyard orange grown in australia. it is a relatively small tree and produces oranges that ripen mid winter and are medium to large in size and are very sweet and juicy. their skin is relatively easy to peel and they are seedless. this type of orange tree is suited to colder climates. the foliage it has is light to dark green and is glossy. this plant grows best in full sun or partial shade. 16″ pot size.
__label__astro the first image of sagittarius a*, the gargantuan black hole spinning away at the center of our own galaxy, the milky way, was released on thursday by scientists collaborating on the massive event horizon telescope (eht) project. located roughly 27,000 light-years from earth, sagittarius a*, or sgr a*, is thought to be roughly 4 million times the mass of our sun. everything in our 13.6 billion-year-old galaxy orbits sagittarius a*, including our solar system. scientists have inferred its existence at the center of our galaxy for decades based on how objects move around the black hole. but this is the first time we have a direct image of its shadow, even more proof of life of the nexus of our cosmic neighborhood. although we cannot see the black hole itself, because it is completely dark, glowing gas around it reveals a telltale signature: a dark central region (called a “shadow”) surrounded by a bright ring-like structure. black hole sagittarius a* four million times bigger than the sun the new view captures light bent by the powerful gravity of the black hole, which is four million times more massive than our sun. “we were stunned by how well the size of the ring agreed with predictions from einstein’s theory of general relativity,” said eht project scientist geoffrey bower from the institute of astronomy and astrophysics, academia sinica, taipei. “these unprecedented observations have greatly improved our understanding of what happens at the very center of our galaxy, and offer new insights on how these giant black holes interact with their surroundings,” bower said. the eht team’s results are being published today in a special issue of the astrophysical journal letters. because the black hole is so far away from earth, it appears to us to have about the same size in the sky as a donut on the moon. to image it, the team created the powerful eht, which linked together eight existing radio observatories across the planet to form a single “earth-sized” virtual telescope. the eht observed sgr a* on multiple nights, collecting data for many hours in a row, similar to using a long exposure time on a camera. the breakthrough follows the eht collaboration’s 2019 release of the first image of a black hole, called m87*, at the center of the more distant messier 87 galaxy. the two black holes look remarkably similar even though our galaxy’s black hole is more than a thousand times smaller and less massive than m87*. “we have two completely different types of galaxies and two very different black hole masses, but close to the edge of these black holes they look amazingly similar,” says sera markoff, co-chair of the eht science council and a professor of theoretical astrophysics at the university of amsterdam, the netherlands. markoff says that “this tells us that general relativity governs these objects up close, and any differences we see further away must be due to differences in the material that surrounds the black holes.” black hole in our milky way galaxy the milky way is the galaxy that includes our solar system, with the name describing the galaxy’s appearance from earth: a hazy band of light seen in the night sky formed from stars that cannot be individually distinguished by the naked eye. from earth, the milky way appears as a band because its disk-shaped structure is viewed from within. galileo galilei first resolved the band of light into individual stars with his telescope in 1610. until the early 1920s, most astronomers thought that the milky way contained all the stars in the universe. following the 1920 great debate between the astronomers, harlow shapley and heber curtis, observations by edwin hubble showed that the milky way is just one of many galaxies. what does a black hole sound like? last week, nasa released an audio of the sound emitted from a black hole at the center of the perseus galaxy cluster more than 200 million light-years away from earth. perseus is known to be an 11 million-light-year-wide bundle of hundreds of galaxies shrouded by hot gas. scientists have released the eerie, hans zimmer-like audio captured from a black hole at the centre of the perseus galaxy cluster 🔭🌌 — sky news (@skynews) may 6, 20
__label__nonastro mrp's sesame seeds add a nutty taste and a delicate, almost invisible, crunch to many asian dishes. packaging: 50gm, 100gm, 200gm, 250gm, 500gm, 1kg. mrp's fennel seeds are pure and used for food preparation, its fragrance provides an enchanting feel to the food mrp’s fenugreek seeds are known globally for their health benefits and they are widely used in curry powder as spices for their rich aromatic essence. mrp’s mustard seeds are the efficient herbal product, are widely used in indian household for the cooking purposes. mrp’s carom seeds are widely used in indian cuisine to provide it with a subtle aroma and it is well suited for digestive problems and is known as an antiemetic.
__label__astro whitepaper #326 in the decadal survey for solar and space physics (heliophysics) 2024-2033. main topics: basic research. additional topics: outer heliosphere; emerging opportunities. we outline the main challenges in the physics of the sw–lism interaction. the physical processes that require a focused attention of the heliospheric community are discussed from the theoretical perspective and space missions necessary for their investigation. we emphasize the importance of data-driven simulations, which are necessary for the interpretation and explanation of spacecraft data.
__label__nonastro gold line twin turbo packages built around our gold line twin turbo system, it delivers 750whp - 1100whp. package comes standard with our stainless steel exhaust system. titanium exhaust is available as an optional upgrade. - all twin turbo packages are only for sale for in-house install or authorized installers. platinum line twin turbo packages embodying our true spirit and passion, platinum line offers premium-quality materials, crafted to combine artistry and highly durable characteristics that echo the timeless craftsmanship these vehicles are respected for. this line delivers a thrilling driving experience of 750-1800whp and beyond for those exclusive select individuals. - all our twin turbo packages are only available for in-house install or for authorized installers.
__label__nonastro ractovit eye drops (adenosine, cytochrome c, sodium succinate and nicotinamide) is an an anticataract preparation. ractovit eye drops is used for the treatment of lens opacification. ractovit is available as 5 ml sterile eye drops. romycin eye drops (azithromycin) is a macrolide antibiotic. indicated for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis caused by cdc coryneform group g, haemophilus influenzae, staphylococcus aureus, streptococcus mitis group, and streptococcus pneumoniae. romycin is available as 2.5 ml sterile eye drops.
__label__nonastro this is 101.1 more fm. our official name is cflz a canadian fm radio station licensed by the c.r.t.c and located in fort erie ontario. cflz-fm is a canadian radio station that serves the buffalo area, broadcasting at 101.1 fm in fort erie, ontario. cflz's studios are located on ontario avenue in niagara falls, while its transmitter is located near fort erie. it is also the highest rated canadian station in the buffalo-niagara falls region, according to arbitron.
__label__nonastro listen apintie radio radio to live online station for free broadcast website live web radio network in the internet.. listen apintie radio to live name: apintie radio frequency: 97.1 fm language: dutch sranan tongo genre: pop music news talk broadcast area: suriname apintie radio is a station radio broadcasting in suriname. the headquarters for apintie radio is located from paramaribo. apintie radio 97.1 fm radio station broadcasts a pop music news talk programs. the program is broadcast 24 hours per day in the dutch, sranan tongo language. listen to free online list of radio stations from suriname. listen to your favorite music, news, sports, weather, politics, business, education, cultural, .. podcasts, webradio, fm and am radio stations for free!
__label__astro scientists from the arc centre of excellence for gravitational wave discovery (ozgrav) have described a way to determine the birth population of double neutron stars — some of the densest objects in the universe formed in collapsing massive stars. the recently published study observed different life stages of these neutron star systems. scientists can observe the merging of double neutron star systems using gravitational waves — ripples in the fabric of space and time. by studying neutron star populations, scientists can learn more about how they formed and evolved. so far, there have been only two double neutron star systems detected by gravitational-wave detectors; however, many of them have been observed in radio astronomy. one of the double neutron stars observed in gravitational wave signals, called gw190425, is far more massive than the ones in typical galactic populations observed in radio astronomy, with a combined mass of 3.4 times that of our sun. this raises the question: why is there a lack of these massive double neutron stars in radio astronomy? to find an answer, ozgrav phd student shanika galaudage, from monash university, investigated how to combine radio and gravitational-wave observations. the birth, mid-life and death of double neutron stars radio and gravitational-wave astronomy enables scientists to study double neutron stars at different stages of their evolution. radio observations probe the lives of double neutron stars, while gravitational waves study their final moments of life. to achieve a better understanding of these systems, from formation to merger, scientists need to study the connection between radio and gravitational wave populations: their birth populations. shanika and her team determined the birth mass distribution of double neutron stars using radio and gravitational-wave observations. “both populations evolve from the birth populations of these systems, so if we look back in time when considering the radio and gravitational-wave populations we see today, we should be able to extract the birth distribution,” says shanika galaudage. the key is to understand the delay-time distribution of double neutron stars: the time between the formation and merger of these systems. the researchers hypothesised that heavier double neutron star systems may be fast-merging systems, meaning that they’re merging too fast to be visible in radio observations and could only be seen in gravitational-waves. gw190425 and the fast-merging channel the study found mild support for a fast-merging channel, indicating that heavy double neutron star systems may not need a fast-merging scenario to explain the lack of observations in radio populations. “we find that gw190425 is not an outlier when compared to the broader population of double neutron stars,” says study co-author christian adamcewicz, from monash university. “so, these systems may be rare, but they‘re not necessarily indicative of a separate fast-merging population.” in future gravitational wave detections, researchers can expect to observe more double neutron star mergers. “if future detections reveal a stronger discrepancy between the radio and gravitational-wave populations, our model provides a natural explanation for why such massive double neutron stars are not common in radio populations,” adds co-author dr simon stevenson, an ozgrav postdoctoral researcher at swinburne university of technology. reference: “heavy double neutron stars: birth, midlife, and death” by shanika galaudage, christian adamcewicz, xing-jiang zhu, simon stevenson and eric thrane, 11 march 2021, the astrophysical journal letters.
__label__nonastro 13 leads ecg placement and 11 leads ecg cable it is not easy to understand why there is an 13 lead ecg since there are already 12 leads and 15 lead ecg system. why the cable used is 11 core shielded cable? (just as 12 lead ecg cable only use 10 core shielded cable) . another 13 lead ecg monitoring solution is :13 core cable flat,it is more conveninent and accurate. while the standard 12 ecg leads are well suited to diagnosing cardiac pathology, there may be times when additional leads are needed to provide an advantage. in order to achieve this, a space for a 13th multiuse ecg lead should be included in the standard 12-lead ecg printed report. as long as it is referenced to the wilson’s terminal, the lead will provide additional information from a variety of chest wall locations (v3r-v6r, posterior [left parascapular]) or other locations. furthermore, such a 13rd lead can provide intracardiac electrograms through metallic or saline-filled catheters. to conclude,if you are familiar with 12 lead ecg placement,the 13rd one will be placed flexibly between v3r and v6r. the 13 lead ecg system maybe in development progress.as an experienced ecg cable manufacturer,there are some ecg machine brands are customizing 11 lead ecg cable to suit the 13 lead ecg system
__label__nonastro  airport porto is located in portugal near the city of porto. the international codes of porto airport are icao: lppr and iata: opo. porto is located at latitude 41.2481 and longitude -8.68139. the elevation above sea level is 228ft (69m). local timezone at the airport is utc/gmt 0:00 hours.
__label__nonastro stunning forest green half round pearls have a slight iridescent sheen. one side of the pearl is round, where the other is flat. the pearls are center drilled. the pearls are approximately 12mm, with a depth of 8mm. the strand is 16" in length. you will receive 36 pearls. the hole size is .5 mm
__label__astro  - universe origins: scientific evidence supports the theory of the universe originating from a hot big bang roughly 13.8 billion years ago, evolving and expanding ever since. - black hole parallels: the total mass and energy within the observable universe surprisingly align with the mass required to form a black hole, intriguingly similar to the observable universe’s size. - cosmic background radiation: the presence of cosmic microwave background radiation serves as crucial evidence for an evolving, expanding universe, indicating a hot, dense past. - black hole similarities: mathematical parallels between a black hole’s exterior and interior imply intriguing similarities in the properties of space, hinting at potential connections to the universe’s origins. - speculative connections: theoretical connections between black holes, cosmic inflation, and dark energy propose intriguing yet speculative hypotheses about the creation and evolution of our universe. since ancient times, humans have sought answers to the fundamental query: where did everything originate? in the 20th century, scientific progress provided some clarity. we uncovered evidence of an expanding universe, witnessed varying galaxy characteristics, and detected a background of radiation, hinting at a hot big bang 13.8 billion years ago, birthing our existence. one peculiar aspect is the universe’s mass and energy summing up to a figure akin to a black hole’s event horizon size. this coincidence raises intriguing questions: could our universe be born from a colossal black hole within a grander “parent universe,” giving rise to new universes with every black hole formation? understanding black holes reveals compelling parallels. their event horizons act as a boundary, signifying divergent destinies for objects inside and outside. crossing this boundary, an object is doomed to a black hole’s singularity, contributing to its mass. strikingly, the observable universe’s mass equivalence nearly matches the schwarzschild radius, hinting at a potential connection between our universe and a black hole. the cosmic microwave background, a relic of our universe’s hot, dense past, aligns with the conditions near a black hole’s singularity. mathematical equivalences between a black hole’s exterior and interior further add to this enigma, implying striking similarities in space’s properties. advancements in cosmology unveiled cosmic inflation preceding the big bang and dark energy’s mysterious presence, suggesting possible links between these phenomena. theorists speculate on black holes’ roles, proposing connections to inflation and dark energy, potentially marking the birth of our universe from an ultramassive black hole. however, these concepts lack definitive proof. proposed models struggle to make distinct predictions or reconcile observed phenomena, leaving these ideas in the realm of intriguing speculation. roger penrose’s conformal cyclic cosmology proposed hawking points in the cosmic microwave background but found no robust evidence, keeping the black hole birth hypothesis speculative. the absence of a distinctive signature hinders progress, confining these ideas to speculative hypotheses. while intriguing, the birth of our universe from a black hole remains unconfirmed. yet, dismissing this possibility entirely might be premature, compelling researchers to delve deeper into this captivating cosmic mystery. in conclusion, the enigma of our universe’s birth from a black hole continues to tantalize scientists, urging further exploration and investigation into the intriguing parallels between these cosmic behemoths and our existence’s origins.
